c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication5.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication5.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication5.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication5.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication5.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\NetduinoApplication5.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\NetduinoApplication5.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication5.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication5.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication5.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication5.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication5.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication5.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication5.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication5.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication5.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication5\NetduinoApplication5\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication5.pdb
