c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\le\HelloPachube.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\be\HelloPachube.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\le\HelloPachube.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\be\HelloPachube.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\HelloPachube.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\HelloPachube.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\le\HelloPachube.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\le\HelloPachube.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\be\HelloPachube.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\be\HelloPachube.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\LE\Gsiot.CosmClient.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\BE\Gsiot.CosmClient.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\LE\Gsiot.CosmClient.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\BE\Gsiot.CosmClient.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\Gsiot.CosmClient.dll
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\Gsiot.CosmClient.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\HelloPachube.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\be\HelloPachube.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\be\HelloPachube.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\le\HelloPachube.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\le\HelloPachube.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\HelloPachube.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\HelloPachube\HelloPachube\obj\Debug\HelloPachube.pdb
