c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication6.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication6.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication6.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication6.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication6.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication6.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication6.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication6.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication6.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication6.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication6.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication6.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.Markup.resources
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication6.Markup.tinyresources
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication6\NetduinoApplication6\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
