c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication1.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication1.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication1.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication1.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\NetduinoApplication1.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\NetduinoApplication1.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication1.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication1.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication1.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication1.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\LE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\BE\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.dll
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.dll
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\bin\Debug\SecretLabs.NETMF.Hardware.Netduino.pdb
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication1.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\be\NetduinoApplication1.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication1.pe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\le\NetduinoApplication1.pdbx
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication1.exe
c:\users\joshua\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\NetduinoApplication1\NetduinoApplication1\obj\Debug\NetduinoApplication1.pdb
